#summary Review of the goals of the wikipedia-map-reduce software library.
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design

= Introduction =

Now that the original paper is complete, there are different places to take the library, things to finish, and the like. This wiki page supports discussion of the goals of the library from a development perspective (what to support, what to offer, where to take it, etc.), and possible projects that can come from it.


= Goals =

== Development ==

The goals of this library are
  # to offer a library which parses Wikipedia at the revision-text level;
  # to create a platform which can be easily used with M/R to perform analyses; and
  # to generally simplify the process of procuring analysis-friendly Wikipedia data.

How will these goals be accomplished?

After the "basic next steps" reviewed in [http://code.google.com/p/wikipedia-map-reduce/wiki/NextStepTasks NextStepTasks] are completed, this software library will only partially meet these goals.  The first goal will be fully met; the second goal will also be met, except for the word "easily:" the whole analysis process, from data dump to hard-number results, is long and confusing unless you are explicitly familiar with the library; lastly, and building on the point just mentioned in the discussion of the second goal, the third goal will not be met, because the process will not have been simplified, but rather, only made possible.

Larger, broader steps need to be taken to fully meet our development goals.  These will be enumerated in the [http://code.google.com/p/wikipedia-map-reduce/wiki/NextStepTasks NextStepTasks] wiki page.

The features of the library (as they relate to the goals listed here) can be found in [http://code.google.com/p/wikipedia-map-reduce/wiki/Features Features].


== Projects ==

What can be done with this library?  What do people want to do?

  * Colin would personally like to investigate user interaction further.